h1. Makelangelo
_A mural drawing robot and a gentle introduction to 3D printing_

h2. About
Makelangelo is a polargraph mural drawing robot.  It is intended to teach students about programming, physics, trigonometry, and electronics in a fun, goal-oriented way.  Makelangelo is scalable: our test models have ranged from 30cm^2 to 300cm^2.

h2. Get it

Please visit "the Makelangelo homepage":http://www.makelangelo.com/ for the accompanying hardware kit.

h2. Make it

Please visit "The wiki":https://learn.marginallyclever.com/ for all the instructions

h2. Get help

Please visit "the forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum 

h2. Special thanks

Makelangelo is derived from the work of Paul Fisher.  It is largely inspired by "Hektor":http://hektor.ch/ by Jürg Lehni and Uli Franke.

h2. Notes

The contents of ./last_official_release are also available on the official purchase page http://makelangelo.com website.

h2. To run the project in eclipse

* Choose File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace and select "Next".
* Choose "Browse" next to "Select root directory" and select the root folder of your download/clone from github.
* eclipse will scan the folder and find the project.  Choose "Finish"

Your project is now in eclipse, but if you run the project you will probably get an error saying 

"java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: no rxtxSerial in java.library.path thrown while loading gnu.io.RXTXCommDriver"

To fix this,

* Open the Project Explorder View, select the Makelangelo project, and choose File > Properties.
* Choose Java Build Path > Libraries and then expand "RXTXcomm.jar - Makelangelo" clicking the arrow on the left.
* Choose Native library location > Edit > Choose Workspace
* In Windows 32 bit, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Windows/i368-mingw32
* In Windows 64 bit, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Windows/x64
* In OSX, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Mac_OS_X
* In Linux, choose Makelangelo/src/rxtxnative/Linux and select your flavor of linux.

h2. See Also

* "The Makelangelo homepage":http://www.makelangelo.com/ 
* "The wiki":https://learn.marginallyclever.com/
* "The forums":https://marginallyclever.com/forum/
